Refactor ManifoldsBase to a two-level dispatch design (v2) (#92)
JuliaManifolds/ManifoldsBase.jl: docs/src/example.md

```@example manifold-tutorial
active_traits(f, ::ScaledSphere, args...) = merge_traits(IsIsometricEmbeddedManifold())
nothing #hide
```

and then specifying that said embedding is the `DefaultManifold`.

```@example manifold-tutorial
get_embedding(::ScaledSphere{N}) where {N} = DefaultManifold(N+1)
nothing #hide
```

Now metric related functions are passed to this embedding, for example the inner product.
It now works by using the inner product from the embedding, so we can compute the inner product by calling [`inner`](@ref)

```@example manifold-tutorial
X = [0.0, 0.1, 3.0]
Y = [0.0, 4.0, 0.2]
# returns 1.0 by calling the inner product in DefaultManifold(3)
inner(S, p, X, Y)
```

## [Conclusion](@id manifold-tutorial-outlook)

You can now just continue implementing further functions from `ManifoldsBase.jl`.
but with just [`exp!`](@ref exp!(M::AbstractManifold, q, p, X)) you for example already have

* [`geodesic`](@ref geodesic(M::AbstractManifold, p, X)) the (not necessarily shortest) geodesic emanating from `p` in direction `X`.
* the [`ExponentialRetraction`](@ref), that the [`retract`](@ref retract(M::AbstractManifold, p, X)) function uses by default.

> For the [`shortest_geodesic`](@ref shortest_geodesic(M::AbstractManifold, p, q)) the implementation of a logarithm [`log`](@ref ManifoldsBase.log(M::AbstractManifold, p, q)), again better a [`log!`](@ref log!(M::AbstractManifold, X, p, q)) is necessary.

Author: ```suggestion
For the [`shortest_geodesic`](@ref shortest_geodesic(M::AbstractManifold, p, q)) the implementation of a logarithm [`log`](@ref ManifoldsBase.log(M::AbstractManifold, p, q)), or just [`log!`](@ref log!(M::AbstractManifold, X, p, q)) is sufficient.
```

# [How to implement your own manifold](@id manifold-tutorial)

```@meta
CurrentModule = ManifoldsBase
```

## Introduction

> This tutorial explains, how to implement a manifold using the `ManifoldsBase.jl` interface.

Author: ```suggestion
This tutorial explains how to implement a manifold using the `ManifoldsBase.jl` interface.
```
